# My write

1. He is so devoted to his research that the idea of retiring soon never comes to his mind.
2. Many people once said that if without effective restrictions, we all have the tendency to abuse power.
3. Some countries refuse to involve into this dispute, and they are disgusted about the inference of other countries.
4. Much load of work and money need to be used to control the sandstorm.
5. While using these technologies, you have to keep the local condition into consideration.
6. All applicants must full in these forms, and mail 50 dollars for the admission.
7. What the conclusion he came to from the inspection of children's behavior is learning is a natural fun.
8. In a multi-nation country, the harmony of all kinds of nations need to be carefully dealt with.
9. The government decided to give all corrupt officers dealing with the case a strict punishment.
10. Cheating in the exam is not usually happen, but once it happened, schools will hold a strict attitude to it.

1-5 CBCAC 6-10 DABDA

1. He is so devoted to his research that it never comes to his mind that he will have to retire soon.
2. Many people have observed that, without effective checks, we all have a tendency to abuse our power.
3. Some countries refuse to get involved in this dispute, and they resent any foreign interference.
4. The control of sand storms will involve a tremendous amount of work and money.
5. You have to take the local conditions into consideration when you apply these technologies.
6. All applicants must fill out these forms and mail in an application fee of 50 dollars.
7. Based on his careful observation of children's behavior , he came to the conclusion that learning is a natural 
   pleasure.
8. In a country of many nationalities, ethnic harmony requires careful handling.
9. The government is determined to punish all the corrupt officials involved.
10. Cheat at exams does not occur very often. But when it does, the school takes an adamant position.